All right.
So we have got around four tools already.
Uh, and the next few tools that I'm going to be adding is basically going to be, uh, let's say get
the text out from a page.
Uh, and then we also need to add some more features.
I'm not actually not write the code this time because we have already seen how we can do that.
I'm just going to copy paste the code and I will show you how it's going to be done.
See this is basically going to get the visible text content from the current page.
So it's going to be, uh, getting the body's inner text.
And if the length of the text is more than 2000, then you just keep truncating it, because the more
and more text you have, uh, if you give the context to the cloud desktop, it's going to throw you
saying that the window or the context size is exceeded.
So make sure that the the text that you return from this particular body is not beyond 2000.
Uh, that's what it's doing in my actual implementation of the MCP server.
I used to do some more formatting of the body before I even do this.
Uh, but in here, because this is a simple, uh, coding, I just don't want it to, uh, write all
those implementations.
I have done that over here.
Very, very straightforward.
Right.
That's one thing over here.
Uh, cool.
And then we can add some more fancy tools.
Uh, over here, uh, something like get the page title.
Or you can also get the current URL, something like that.
I mean, these things are just, uh, to get you some more tools going, but you can keep on adding
even more and more tools for that matter.
Uh, because if you know the, the, the methods that the playwright has got, it has got a lot of methods.
If you just do page dot and you see that how many, uh, tools that you can actually write like, uh,
check for the checkbox, select for the dropdown, uh, and uh fill for the text box that we just did.
And then if you want to get the text in a text or whatever that you want to do, you can keep on adding
these as a tool.
But don't write too much of a tool, because sometimes playwright does most of them, uh, the power
of the JavaScript that it can execute as well.
So I think that should limit so you don't keep on adding more and more tools.
So now we have enough tools to perform the operation.
Uh, I'm not going to use this base64.
This is especially used for uh, the screenshots and stuff.
But I don't want to add that particular code over here.
But in our next lecture I'll actually show you how much difference the same code is going to make with
a JavaScript code.
You will just get mind blown and like how much boilerplate code that you have to write there.